
# Scoring is set to begin on Tuesday, 25 Jan 2022!

We’ll be reporting the
[SCOREBOARD](https://gothic-hedge-society.github.io/fintech.trading.competition/articles/scoreboard.html)
once enough trading data become available.

# Duke FINTECH Trading Competition 2022

Registration for the 2022 Duke FINTECH Trading Competition has now
closed. We are excited to welcome over 170 registrants from 40 colleges
and universities around the world!

At this time, all participants have received welcome materials in their
emails. They have submitted their forms to create paper trader accounts
at [Interactive
Brokers](https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=1338&gclid=CjwKCAjw6fCCBhBNEiwAem5SO84OkMDwq8mlx6lCjOmAmCNDUaLbhxtQuFSUlozy6iLEZtmsve2w-hoCQ9sQAvD_BwE).
Because each paper account connects to live data feeds from global
market exchanges, bringing one online is a complex process that can take
several days.

Students can track their overall registration status on the
[Registry](https://gothic-hedge-society.github.io/fintech.trading.competition/articles/registry.html)
page, which is updated frequently.

When the participating accounts are ready (anticipating **Tuesday, 25
Jan 2022**), the start of the competition will be announced and scoring
will begin.

After a week or so of trading data is gathered from the participants,
this site will be updated with the latest standings and analytics on the
students’ performance.

# ABOUT

The Duke FINTECH Trading Competition is a free competition hosted by the
[FINTECH Program at Duke University](https://fintech.meng.duke.edu/).

The Competition is open to any currently enrolled graduate or
undergraduate student so long as they have an email address with a .edu
extension.

Participating students are issued $1 million in simulated currency
within a paper trading account provided by [Interactive
Brokers](https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=1338&gclid=CjwKCAjw6fCCBhBNEiwAem5SO84OkMDwq8mlx6lCjOmAmCNDUaLbhxtQuFSUlozy6iLEZtmsve2w-hoCQ9sQAvD_BwE).
Students will have the opportunity to trade equities, fixed income,
derivatives, ETFs, cryptocurrencies, and more, all based on real-time
streaming market data using the same user interface and features
utilized by professional traders.

The FINTECH program at Duke is inclusive and welcoming. Participation is
welcome and encouraged, so please help spread the word! Standings for
the top 10 traders will be posted here and updated daily as data become
available. This site will continue to grow as new features are brought
onboard so be sure to check back often for updates!!!
